omri.wolf1, galbum
Omri Wolf (204867881), Gabi Album (316563949)
EX: 2

FILES:
uthreads.cpp
Scheduler.cpp
Scheduler.h
Thread.cpp
Thread.h
Makefile

ANSWERS:
Part 1:

1. One general use is application which utilise many threads. Applications like this will prefer to operate in user-level thread
	because it's faster to switch between threads.

2. Advantages:
	* Security - each tab has it's own memory, so accessing data from one tab by a malicious tab will be difficult.
	* Stability - when each tab is it's own process, if one tab crashes the rest will keep running.
   Disadvantages:
	* High overhead compared to threads, everything requires a trap.
	* Memory code duplicates - the memory contains the code of the chrome tab program for each tab.
	* Slower switching from process to process compared to threads.

3. When typing "kill pid", each keystroke is an interrupt that gets sent to the OS, that types the letter into the console.
   when hitting ENTER, SHELL traps the OS, which sends a SIGTERM signal to the process, which then can decide
   to trap or not to trap the signal (as SIGTERM can be trapped, unlike SIGKILL which cannot be trapped).
   in our case the process didn't trap the signal and terminated succesfully.
  
4. Real time is the time a job runs including interupts, and virtual time is the CPU time required to complete the job, without
   interupts. For example we will use real time measurment when we are trying to measure the overhead of a job, and virtual time
   to measure of efficent it is on it's own (without OS interupts and such).

5. sigsetjmp - Saves a struct of the  current enviorment (TCB - SP, PC, etc) of the thread.
   siglongjmp - switches the enviroment to the enviroment struct that was saved earlier by sigsetjmp.
   siglongjmp also takes another parameter which will specify what will sigsetjmp will return after returning to it,
   since the PC was on sigsetjmp when the enviroment was saved.
   So, if sigsetjmp was invoked directly, will return 0. otherwise will return what was specified by siglongjmp.